You take her away first
There is only one car
I'll be up soon.
It's too late if you don't go
They're coming for me
You don't get in the car
No one can leave
To go together
What about Zhu Yuanjin?
Wu Tiancheng Wu Tiancheng
Boss Tai Chi people have their own world
And he asked me to tell you
Don't contact again.
Why don't you talk nonsense
You have to stop
If I hadn't sent someone to rescue you from the secret passage
You would have burned to death
Sorry to bother you.
You actually let him go first in the car
Leave the danger to yourself
Is he that straight?
I love him.
Only love him
That's you on Apricot Head
In a few months, a few years.
A more beautiful woman, you will dislike her
I won't you
Please die on that woman
I'll kill you now, kneel down
You fight, I won't give up and die